Add mlflow example (#960)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/integrations/flytekit_plugins/mlflow_example/README.rst

.. mlflow:

MLflow
======

.. tags:: Integration, Data, Metrics, Intermediate

First, install the Flyte MLflow plugin:

> .. prompt:: bash $
>     pip install flytekitplugins-mlflow

Reviewer: the install code isn't rendering: https://flyte--960.org.readthedocs.build/projects/cookbook/en/960/auto/integrations/flytekit_plugins/mlflow_example/index.html

need to add a space
```suggestion
.. prompt:: bash $

    pip install flytekitplugins-mlflow
```

.. mlflow:

MLflow
======

.. tags:: Integration, Data, Metrics, Intermediate

The MLflow Tracking component is an API and UI for logging parameters,
code versions, metrics, and output files when running your machine learning code and for later visualizing the results

`MLflow <https://mlflow.org/>`__ is used by Flyte to automatically log the task's metrics and parameters to either Flyte Deck or MLflow server.

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37936015/200655711-8eb54757-cc08-4591-8f44-787cc4b0af66.png
  :alt: Model Metrics
  :class: with-shadow

.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37936015/200655752-fddfd0cd-26f2-4ccf-914a-08044c7c4dae.png
  :alt: Model Parameters

>   :class: with-shadow

Reviewer: I think we can remove this from the integration entrypoint page, since it also appears on the example page

To log the metrics and parameters to Flyte deck, add `@mlflow_autolog` to the task. For example

.. code:: python

    @task(disable_deck=False)
    @mlflow_autolog(framework=mlflow.keras)
    def train_model(epochs: int):
    ...

> To log the metric and parameters to a remote mlflow server, add default env (`MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI <https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#logging-to-a-tracking-server>`__) to the flytepropeller config map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log the metric and parameters to a remote mlflow server, add default environment variable `MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI <https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#logging-to-a-tracking-server>`__ to the flytepropeller config map.
```

> To log the metric and parameters to a remote mlflow server, add default env (`MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI <https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#logging-to-a-tracking-server>`__) to the flytepropeller config map.

Reviewer: can we also provide instructions on how to apply to this config to the Flyte cluster?
